I will explain about how to use without determining the foot
When you look at the back, you open the lid and settle the rain
Close the lid.
You can not have a right tear calls for four to the left
Then, with your right hand , move the bar to the left
If you lower your weight foot, called the Sims set, you will see a red dot.
Since the red dot is a spring field, the needle is placed on it
Pressing the cock and releasing the hand will hold the reaction needle.
M sales
In the back of the left hand holding
After holding with the index finger of the thumb, 1 15 cm to 20 cm
As I slide forward
Looking to the right side of the left has cracked home by passing the Home
Seed the needle backward
, Put it in the back of the store topped edaga Bauer 4 of this right back to the future
Take off
Pass through the gate of Ajee and this time forward
Chicken on this ring forward
It will fix it. In that state, I will sell Yoon Seondo again with my right hand
This causes your foot to operate up to 2 times 3 times 4 times 5 times, 1 condition ever
The degree and precautions
Here , the reasoning is too long to tangle,
Fairy is also a haejwoya seonae the Leviathan go to the next
Cub until completely exhausted just by keeping to the left
Pull straight flush follow a weight on the back end will give him the needle bar binder
Hit the board in the state
If you lower the set, the needle will fall out.
If you do not pull out your hands and pull out your hands,
Give just pulled completely perfect
The needle was still on.